# RosemaryNationalPark
This software project will provide an interactive horror experience in two parts. The first is a question-and-answer training guide which will evolve depending on the answers chosen by the player, creating a map of sequences and possible endings. The second comes in the form of a simple website with secrets hidden within it. The experience revolves around the player being a newly hired park ranger for the Rosemary National Park and is currently undergoing basic training which will eventually lead them to the “official” Rosemary National Park website for them to explore and learn more about their new job. As the player follows the guide and explores the website they are able to experience some of the hidden horror behind the Rosemary National Park. This experience will be similar to other alternate reality horror games where you are presented with an odd scenario and are meant to explore to puzzle together answers and lore. For example, during the training guide, the player will be given three answers to a question such as “What should you do if confronted by a bear?” to which the player could answer 1) Flee quietly, 2) Lay on the floor and pretend as if you are dead, or 3) Make as much noise as possible. Once an answer is chosen they will be told if it is correct or not and the questions will continue. Eventually, as the player continues their training, they will be given more odd questions such as “What to do if you hear screams?” or “Which is an example of a Aj0wojr&?” To which there will be no correct answer, the questions will now lead to different sequences and begin the choose-your-own adventure mapping of the story. Once the training has ended, the player will be led to the Rosemary National Park website where they are free to explore. The website itself will be interactive and dynamic, with images and text shifting or some links leading you to odd parts of the website. This is not a traditional game but rather a free exploration of a horror experience.
